(UPBEAT SURF ROCK PLAYING)
ANNOUNCER: Well, it's another
beautiful day down here in Malibu.
These girls are really throwing
it down out there today!
That was awesome!
Next up, Team Santa Monica.
Whoa, look at that
bottom turn, setting it up.
Down the line, speed drive.
Carves it off the top
as it lays down the rail.
There's that air reverse...
Big air!
(CROWD CHEERING) Whoa,
that ripped! A solid 8.5!
Now let's see
if Team Malibu can answer.
We have a real treat
coming up next.
Our very own queen of the
waves, Merliah Summers!
With just a minute left to go, will
she find the wave she's waiting for?
(PHONE RINGING)
Hey, Fallon!
What do you think?
Will she?
She will.
No way.
Are you crazy?
That wave will slam you.
ANNOUNCER: Whoa! Merliah Summers is totally
charging that crazy, ridonculous wave!
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
You're the queen of the waves!
Go, surfer girl!
(SINGING) She's ready, she's
steady She's up on her feet
Dancing on the water
to her own kind of beat
She's in it, she's on it
She's rocking the skills
Tearing up the current
like the girl's got gills
Pop up, lean in
Side to side
Lay back, hang ten
Go for a ride
Catch that curl
Get into the tube
Do the mahi-mahi
Make your tailfin move
She's the queen of the waves
Check it out She's
spinning that board around
Queen of the waves
No one's gonna
take away her crown
ANNOUNCER: Her majesty
is dropping in.
(SINGING) Surf's up, bow down
She's the queen of the waves
Check it out She's
spinning that board around
Queen of the waves
No one's gonna
take away her crown
She's the queen of the waves
Check it out She's
spinning that board around
Queen of the waves
No one's gonna
take away her crown
ANNOUNCER: Whoa!
Freak scene on the waves!
Merliah's hair
has turned pink!
(GASPS)
(ALL GASPING)
Mondo bizarro, dudes!
Check it out.
What's up with
Merliah Summers?
What?
ANNOUNCER: I've gotta get another
look at that crazy pink hair!
Whoa, gnarling wipeout!
Merliah Summers just got owned!
(CROWD CHEERING)
Looks like she's okay, but that
run ends this heat and the meet.
Surfers, come on in!
Let's go get Liah.
Merliah.
Huh?
(GASPS) Yes, I'm talking to you.
(STAMMERING)
It's okay. You can
breathe underwater.
This way. Your friends
are worried about you.
Wait!
We'll talk later!
Liah! You're okay!
Whoa! Gnarly hair, dude.
Fallon!
What? It's weird!
Cool-weird,
but weird.
What happened
out there?
I don't know,
but it gets weirder.
When I was underwater,
I was breathing.
And a dolphin spoke to me.
We actually had
a conversation.
Wow! A talking dolphin, breathing
underwater and mysterious pink hair.
There is something deep
and intense going on here.
Yes, like a deep,
intense concussion.
I'm fine. I really
just want to go home.
I'll call you later, okay?
Okay, but if you get
blurry vision,
have Break take
you to the doctor!
Or the zoo!
The zoo?
I love the zoo.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Come in.
Hey!
Heard you ate it today.
You all right?
(SIGHS)
Grandpa, when you used to
surf Mavericks, did anything,
I don't know, really weird
ever happen to you?
Well, that depends.
You mean weird like "Whoa!"
Or weird like "Whoa-oh-oh!"
Or weird like "Whoa. "
Weird like this?
Whoa! You dyed your hair.
No, I didn't. This just happened
in the middle of the meet.
Then I dove underwater,
and I could breathe,
and then
a dolphin spoke to me.
Whoa.
What's happening to me?
Am I going crazy?
(SIGHS)
No, you're not crazy.
You just didn't know.
Know what?
Well, I told you how you
first came to me, right?
Yeah. After my parents died
when I was a baby.
Well, it's actually
more complicated than that.
You see, your dad, he was
always one for telling stories.
So when he told me he had fallen
in love and married a mermaid,
well, I thought it was
just another whopper.
But maybe a year
after the accident,
I was on the sand
working my balance...
(CHANTING)
Break?
That's me.
I'm Calissa. I believe
Rip told you about me?
Huh?
(EXCLAIMING)
BREAK: It was all real.
Everything Rip had said.
Only he hadn't known that
Calissa was pregnant with you.
And there you were.
The sweetest little
grommet I'd ever seen.
Her name is Merliah.
BREAK: Hey, no fins!
No, she looks quite human, which
makes it dangerous for her in Oceana.
I need to ask...
Would you raise her?
She'll fit in better here,
and she'll be safe.
BREAK: Well,
of course I said yes.
I mean, I loved you
the minute I saw you.
Your mom did, too.
She hated to leave.
But before she did, she
gave you your shell necklace.
Said it would
always keep you safe.
I guess I should
have told you before,
but I just thought it would have
been too much for you to take in.
You okay?
I'm great.
But you've had way
too many mega-nasty wipeouts.
Aw, Liah...
You really want me to believe
my mother's a mermaid?
And my dad was secretly, what,
the Loch Ness Monster?
I'm telling you the truth,
Liah. I promise.
(SCOFFS)
Liah!
I gotta go.
(DIALING)
Hey, Fallon. You and Hadley
still up for the cove?
I need a major reality check.
So that's what he told me. And
now I know I'm losing my mind,
because craziness
clearly runs in my family.
Own it, girl!
Craziness doesn't explain your
hair, but being half mermaid might.
Mermaids don't exist!
Ah-ha!
See, this website
says in mythology,
mermaids come of age
around 16,
and often go
through physical changes,
like longer or
different-colored hair.
Ha! That proves it!
Yes! It proves you can make up
anything and put it on the Internet.
It's not made up, it's real
mermaid fact! Liah's proof!
I'm not proof!
I'm not a mermaid!
Hadley, I came to you guys to talk me
out of this craziness, not deeper in.
I need help! I thought I
was breathing underwater!
I thought a dolphin
was speaking to me!
ZUMA: There's
a reason for that...
(GASPS)
You were, and I was.
Huh?
What?
Yes! You didn't even
tell us she was sparkly.
(GIGGLES) Thank you. I do
have a name, though. Zuma.
Sorry for not
introducing myself sooner.
Oh! Don't even worry about it.
It's great to meet you.
And you, too.
This cannot
be happening.
This is real! Zuma is Liah's
mermaid spirit guide. Right?
(CHUCKLING) I'm just a friend. I
was close with Merliah's mother.
You knew my mother?
Everyone knew your mother.
She was the Queen of Oceana
until her sister
Eris overthrew her.
Ever since then,
Eris has ruled selfishly,
putting Oceana
in great danger.
So you're saying Liah
isn't just a mermaid,
she's mermaid royalty.
Tell me you're not
starting to believe this.
We're talking to
a pink sparkly dolphin.
A mer-princess.
Oh, that's so beautiful.
Stop! Okay.
If this all happened years
ago, why are you telling me now?
Because you've come of age.
Your mermaid self has resurfaced.
Now you can return
to Oceana and defeat Eris,
just as
the Destinies foretold!
That is so deep.
Deeply crazy. My destiny is to
be the best surfer in Malibu.
This mutant mermaid stuff is
getting in the way of my destiny!
And as for Oceana,
even if it does exist...
Which it does.
Why should I care
if it's in trouble? I don't!
I don't care
about any of this,
including some
make-believe mermaid mother
and her make-believe
protective necklace!
(BOTH GASP)
What?
(GASPS) Calissa is alive!
This image proves it!
I don't understand.
Is this my mother right now?
Yes. Your necklace
can create that image,
because your mother
filled it with Merillia,
the life force of the sea.
Is she okay?
No one in Oceana is okay.
Not while Eris rules.
And you're the only one
who can stop her.
I'll go down to Oceana.
I'll help defeat Eris.
And fulfill your
mermaid destiny!
No.
If my mother can make
a magic necklace,
she can help me get rid of these crazy
changes and get me back to normal.
Then I'm back here for good and we
forget any of this ever happened.
That work for you?
As you wish.
Good luck, Liah!
Be careful!
Thanks. Tell Break where
I've gone and that I'm okay.
Recognize that?
Is that what came out
of my necklace charm?
Merillia?
Yes, the life force
of the sea.
Only the royal
family can spin it,
and it's their
greatest pleasure.
You might do it
yourself one day...
Oh, Calissa's Merillia made
the coral vibrant and healthy,
but Eris' Merillia,
it just isn't as strong,
so the unhealthy coral turns
colors, much like your autumn leaves.
They're beautiful,
but they're dying.
Exactly.
As is the ocean itself.
But now you're
here to save it.
(GASPS)
Is this Oceana?
It's beautiful!
ZUMA: Yes, it is.
Come on! We need
to get you a tail.
A what?
A tail. Eris mustn't hear
there's a human stranger in town.
Follow me carefully and make sure
to keep your legs out of sight.
(GASPS)
Whoa.
That's where
we'll get your tail.
I can't believe
this is real!
Coochie-coochie-coo! Hello!
(STAMMERING)
Oh, hi!
(EXHALES)
(GIGGLES) I know there were
only six different colors
and I couldn't decide
so I bought them all!
(BOTH GIGGLING)
Whoa.
MERMAID 1: Sweet!
Check this out.
Does it clash
with my scales?
Kind of,
can I borrow it?
Sure.
Ugh.
Do you have anything
in a larger tube, darling?
(GIGGLES)
Syrenka! Syrenka,
look this way!
Syrenka! How about a few
shots for the Star Fish Weekly?
Ugh. I just hate
the pufferazzi.
Oh, as do I.
(CHUCKLES)
Have you tried the double
krabbuccino? To die for.
(CONCH BLOWING)
Ahh! Eris Festival!
Oh! It's time for
the Eris Festival!
What's going on?
We need to get you
inside right away.
(CONCH BLOWING)
(BOTH SIGH IN RELIEF)
My final conch flourish!
Oh! Of course!
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
Oceana, do you adore me?
(ALL CHEERING)
I said... Do you adore me?
(ALL CHEERING LOUDER)
Do you love me enough
to deserve your Merillia?
(ALL CHEERING)
(EXCLAIMS)
ERIS: You!
(ALL GASP)
Who? Me?
Swim forward.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
I'm sorry, darling, I was just...
I got this new color and...
You dare to ignore me?
No, no. I would never.
(EXCLAIMS)
No! No, no, please,
darling, I beg of you.
(ALL GASPING)
No, no, no!
(SCREAMING)
(ALL GASP)
No, please!
Let me come back!
What was that?
What did she do?
That's how Eris
controls Oceana.
Her whirlpools are
impossible to escape
and they take mer-people
straight to her dungeons.
Now, who wants
their Merillia?
(ALL CHEERING)
Until the next time,
my subjects.
Away! Disperse!
You said it's my destiny to defeat
Eris. How can I fight against that?
Did you see that mer-girl? Those
ruffles went all the way down her fin.
What was she thinking?
Eris' headdress was a
bit naff, don't you think?
(GASPS) Zuma!
(COOS)
No. No,
no, no, no, no, no... Snouts!
(LICKING)
Snouts!
Kayla, Xylie! I want to
introduce my friend Mer...
Ooh! You need
to see our new toy!
Can I just...
(SCRATCHING RECORD)
A Deep Sea-3 player. Pre-programmed
with over 1,000 songs.
Check this out!
(POP MUSIC PLAYING)
Let's dance!
One second...
(WHOOPING)
'Cause I...
(LAUGHING)
Isn't this great?
It's wonderful, but...
(EXCLAIMS)
(GASPS)
Hi.
(SCREAMS)
(RECORD SCRATCHES)
Xylie!
(GASPS)
What are these?
Xylie, look!
Ow! Those are me.
What?
They're my toes.
Toes?
Ooh.
(SLURPING)
(LAUGHING) Toes!
And they're very ticklish.
That's what I was
trying to tell you.
Kayla, Xylie, I've brought
a visitor. My friend Merliah.
(GASPS)
But she's human!
Half-human.
Her mother is Calissa.
And we've seen proof
that Calissa is alive.
(BOTH GASP)
Then Merliah can fulfill the
prediction. She can overthrow Eris!
And Calissa can
rule Oceana again!
(BARKS)
Snouts is correct.
You are our
rightful princess,
and we are
at your service.
No offense, but I don't want
to be your princess.
I just want
my normal life back
and I can't do that
without my mother's help.
Oh! We should
see the Destinies!
They'll know just how we
should fight against Eris.
My feeling exactly,
but before we leave,
I'm hoping you can
do something about her...
Appendages.
Ooh.
Tail makeover!
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS)
Let's try this one!
Oh, how about this one?
This one will look
lovely with your hair.
Hmm.
Hmm, uh-uh.
This calls
for sparkles!
No. No. No. Oh!
(GIGGLES)
Uh...
Ick!
Next?
Let's try this one.
KAYLA: Oh, check this out.
Whoa.
Definitely not!
KAYLA: Next. Next. Next!
Hmm, I've got it!
I love it.
KAYLA: Perfect!
You look fantastic!
Work it, girl!
(GROWLS)
You are fierce!
Loving it! Yes!
(LICKING)
Now you're ready
to go see the Destinies.
Okay. Deanne, Deandra?
I'm thinking of a number
between 1 and 1 million.
BOTH: 400,220!
No way,
you got it again!
I wonder if this would be more
fun if we, like, weren't psychic.
(REMO CLEARS THROAT)
Destinies! The Queen requires
knowledge of the future.
(BLOWS FLOURISH)
(GROANS)
You could've told me
to move out of the way.
Tell me,
dear Destinies,
tell me that I'm
going to rule forever!
Ew! These split ends! Has
it really been just one day?
And your color! Ugh.
Product, Eris.
You have to use product.
The Merillia is weak.
Without a change,
you will poison Oceana.
Yes, yes, I know. I've told
you I'm working on that.
You won't have time. Calissa's
daughter has come of age.
What?
Calissa's daughter
is coming for you.
She has no daughter!
There is a daughter. A
daughter who can destroy you.
Well! Well, then I will
destroy the daughter first.
Where can I find her?
Deandra? Do we have any more
of those breath mints?
(LAUGHS) Listen to me!
I demand you answer me!
Eris, too much predicting gives
us headaches! You know that!
How about we throw in
some purple lowlights?
Will that make it better?
(EXCLAIMING ANGRILY)
Remo!
Yes, Your Highness.
The door!
It's right over there,
Your Highness.
Get the door!
Uh, yes. Sorry.
Oh, I love coming here. The
Destinies have the best magazines.
ERIS: I will destroy
Calissa's daughter!
(ALL GASP)
Eris!
I just need
to find the girl.
XYLIE: Eris!
What are you doing here?
We were looking for you.
KAYLA: We have some mer-mazing
new items in the store
that we wanted to
show exclusively to...
Y-O-U!
So come on, let's check out
the mer-mazing merch.
It's mer-licious.
Fish-a-licious!
It is fin-tastic!
Wait! You may be the first
to hear my kingdom-wide edict.
A flourish for
the kingdom-wide edict!
(BLOWS RASPBERRY)
ERIS: Enough!
I hereby declare
that any strangers,
or anyone suspicious
in Oceana
must be turned in
to me immediately!
Anyone violating this rule will be
sentenced to a lifetime in my dungeons!
(CHUCKLING)
Yes, I think
I did see a stranger
at Seaphora
after the Eris Festival.
You did? Well,
what did she look like?
(STAMMERING) She looked...
She looked...
Xylie, do you remember
what the stranger looked like?
(CHUCKLING NERVOUSLY) Yes.
(STAMMERING)
She looked strange.
And we saw her
swimming away.
We can point you
in the right direction!
Yes. Yes, do. Immediately!
This way.
That way!
(EXCLAIMS)
Just show me!
Whatever you say.
She was quite
confused at the time,
that's why she went
that way, then this way...
(SIGHS)
Let's go!
Hey, Zuma!
These are the Destinies?
Love the pink.
Come sit.
I think we distracted
Eris for a little bit.
Well, not for long.
She won't rest
until she finds
Calissa's daughter.
Calissa's daughter,
Merliah.
You are meant to
overthrow Eris,
but the three tools you need
are spread far and wide.
Without them,
you cannot succeed.
The Celestial Comb...
A Dreamfish...
And Eris' own
protective necklace.
And if I get these things
and defeat Eris,
will I be normal again?
You will get what you seek.
Wait. How do we
know you're for real?
You don't.
That's all we've
got for you today,
but we are
having a great sale
on scale conditioner.
Two-for-one!
Really?
Oh, I love two-for-one.
Maybe next time. Thanks.
DESTINIES: Bye-bye!
Liah.
Tell Fallon she's
going to be bumped up
to the varsity surf team
before the next meet.
Okay, I will.
(LAUGHING) I don't even
know what that means.
Manis and tailies?
Sure!
So what do we know
about the Celestial Comb?
The Celestial Comb was once
worn by the queens of Oceana.
It's been lost for centuries,
and they say it can
only be retrieved
and worn
by Oceana's true heir.
Mer-folk have tried to find
it, but legend says it's hidden
"where mer-folk may see,
but never touch. "
Oh. Doesn't give us
much to go on, does it?
No, but I know how
to find out more.
(BEEPING)
Yes! I have bars.
(GRUNTING)
I almost broke my record.
(COMPUTER BEEPING)
Liah!
Put her on screen!
Are you okay?
I'm fine. I'm in Oceana.
Whoa!
Are those more humans?
Do they have toes, too?
Five on each foot!
Check 'em out!
Are those really mermaids?
Yup. Fallon and Hadley,
meet Kayla and X ylie.
Hi!
You look fabulous.
I need your help. Can you search
online for "Celestial Comb"?
Facts? Yes.
Facts I can find.
(TYPING)
Hmm. Nothing comes up.
See? It doesn't exist.
We don't know that.
What did you say
about it, Zuma?
It's "where mer-folk may see,
but never touch"?
Where could that be?
Oh, we can't touch
things on land.
Can't see them
there, either.
So it would have
to be underwater,
but in a place
you couldn't reach.
Fallon, are there any
underwater caves off the coast?
Caves that would have
big air pockets inside?
Yes, the Yafos Caves.
Maybe 40 miles off the
coast of Malibu, southwest.
I know where that is.
Oh, Fallon, great news.
Coach Pursely is
going to bump you up
to the varsity surf team
before the next meet.
Did Coach tell you that?
No. I just know.
But how did you know?
Talk to you later. Bye.
Come on. Let's go!
You're sure, Remo? No one near
Seaphora saw anyone strange?
No one, Your Highness.
Fine. Then we'll just have to
get our answers somewhere else.
Eris.
Hello, sister.
I spoke with
the Destinies today.
Lovely girls.
They gave me good news.
Guess what?
I'm an aunt.
How strange. What long-lost
sibling is the lucky parent?
Ooh, nice try, sis,
but the baby is yours.
Only she's not
a baby now, is she?
You found a way to hide
her from me a long time ago,
but now she's all grown up,
and here in Oceana.
Tell me how
to find her.
How would I know?
Even if I did
have a daughter,
I've been locked up
for 15 years.
I wouldn't know
anything about her.
Oh, I'm sure
you know something.
Like the name of the lucky
mer-man who's her father.
Unless...
No, that's madness.
You wouldn't have,
would you?
Is the father not
a mer-man at all?
Is it that human
you used to swoon over?
I haven't the slightest idea
what you're talking about.
(LAUGHING)
A half-human?
Better to give me
a clue how to find her,
then maybe
I'll show her some mercy.
That's your decision.
But I'll find her.
And until I do, every hour you
don't tell me what I want to know,
I will imprison
10 innocent mer-folk.
Nothing to say?
Fine. Your choice.
Oh, and the Merillia you're
spinning is still terrible.
You're poisoning Oceana.
No, Eris, you are! My
Merillia reflects my emotions.
It will only improve
when you set me free.
Never!
Look at the coral!
Soon all Oceana will be like
this if Eris isn't stopped.
I don't think the coral
is our only problem.
Aren't those
the Yafos Caves?
MERLIAH: Jellyfish.
But they're huge!
Any chance giant
jellyfish are friendly?
ZUMA: Just the opposite.
Their shocks are deadly.
And they're very
protective of their homes.
So how do we get the comb?
We can't. You can.
Snouts can help you out.
If the jellyfish
go after the rest of us,
Merliah can
get inside, right?
Exactly.
I'm in.
Let's do it.
(COOS)
Hey, jellies!
Mind if we come in?
(JELLYFISH BUZZING)
(GULPS)
Move!
"Where mer-folk may see,
but never touch. "
(BARKS)
Swim!
Whoa!
(WHIMPERS)
(GRUNTS)
It's buried too deep, Snouts.
I can't get it.
Huh?
That's strange.
(GASPS)
Hmm.
Whoa.
(EXCLAIMS)
(GRUNTS)
Yes! I've got it!
(CAVE RUMBLING)
Uh-oh.
(WHIMPERING)
Kayla, Xylie, over here!
On three.
One, two, three!
(ZAPPING)
(ALL SIGH IN RELIEF)
(CAVE RUMBLING)
Merliah!
MERLIAH: Snouts!
(GASPS)
Okay, Snouts,
it's now or never!
(SNOUTS WHIMPERS)
Snouts!
(WHIMPERING)
KAYLA: Oh, no!
Hey, guys.
(GASPS)
You made it!
(ALL EXCLAIM)
Check it out!
(BOTH CHEERING)
(BOTH GASP)
Quickly, hide!
I saw those before
at the Eris Festival.
They're Eris' manta sharks.
Do you think
they're looking for us?
After what we heard at the Destinies'
salon, I think we can count on it.
But Eris doesn't
know anything about me.
She knows you exist,
that's enough.
The Destinies said we have to
find a Dreamfish. What is that?
They're supposedly fish
that you can never capture,
but if you impress one
and earn its loyalty,
it will offer you
your greatest desire.
You mean you wish on it?
Not exactly. If it commits to
you, you can ask it for help
and it will offer you
something.
You can only call it once,
so you're supposed to save it for
when you really need a dream come true.
Like getting a sneak peek
at the fall fashions.
Oh, that would be a massive
dream come true for me.
In the stories,
where do you find Dreamfish?
That's the thing.
The story says
they live "under
the horse and the bear,"
but I don't know
what that means.
Hmm.
Maybe Fallon and
Hadley can help.
(DIALING)
Liah!
You were right, girl.
Coach Pursely
bumped me up to varsity!
What do you think? Which
first-day-on-the-team outfit is better?
Oh, I like the salmon one.
I like the coral one.
Shoot! Low battery,
gotta be quick.
I need anything
you can find online
about Dreamfish who live
"under the horse and the bear. "
A fish living under a horse
and a bear? That's weird.
Not as weird as getting fashion
advice from mermaids, but...
Nope, nothing.
Try this. Remember
our class trip to Sedona?
All those rock formations that looked
like dogs, or birds, or a coffeepot?
Yes! Or the one that
looked like a bunny
playing crazy eights
with a kangaroo!
I thought it did.
I get it.
You're thinking the horse
and bear could be rocks.
Got it!
"Rising from the middle of the
Pacific Ocean's Andenato current,
"the horse and the bear
majestically face one another. "
Yes!
I know the Andenato
current. This way!
Gotta go. Bye!
No! You can't do this!
Oh, can't I?
Push him in!
Please, I have done
nothing wrong!
(SCREAMING)
No, you can't
do this. Please!
(LAUGHING MALICIOUSLY)
This is it,
the Andenato current.
I've never gone inside.
It's awfully strong.
How can we even tell
if the Dreamfish are there?
(COOING)
Snouts!
(SNOUTS EXCLAIMING)
Apparently not that way.
The current is far too
strong to swim inside.
Hmm.
Why swim
when you can shred?
Come on, Liah,
you've got this.
(EXCLAIMING)
Whoa!
(WHOOPING)
(GASPS)
Dreamfish. Hmm.
(MERLIAH EXCLAIMS)
Okay, anyone impressed
and feeling loyal?
Guess there's only
one way to find out.
Three, two, one. Here I go!
(GASPING) Liah!
Did you get one?
I guess not.
(BARKS)
Call me when you need me,
and I'll be there.
KAYLA: You got him!
XYLIE: You got him!
(BOTH GIGGLING)
Well done, Liah.
Now. All we need to do
is get Eris' necklace.
Piece of kelp.
The only mer-folk
who get close to her
are the ones she asks
to prove their devotion.
Hmm. When is
the next Eris Festival?
This evening,
a couple hours from now.
I think I know how we can get
close to Eris at the festival.
We're going to need
the Deep Sea-3 player.
I just need to
know one thing.
Can you dance?
Huh?
(CONCH BLOWING)
(PLAYING A FANCY FLOURISH)
(GROWLS)
(LAUGHS SHEEPISHLY)
(INHALES DEEPLY)
(CONCH BLOWING)
How about a big smile?
Perfect!
Mantas!
Hey, hey, hey. Easy, easy.
Watch the camera, pal!
Oceana, do you adore me?
(ALL CHEERING)
I said, do you adore me?
(ALL CHEERING LOUDER)
Well, I don't believe you.
(ALL MURMURING)
If you truly adored me,
one of you would give me
information about Calissa's daughter,
a half-human spawn of the wicked
queen who abandoned us all!
Half-human? Ooh!
She sounds like a monster.
Hey! Uh, I mean,
she may be really nice.
Now, who can lead me to her?
Swim forward.
Fine, then!
Mantas, get me an answer!
Now!
(GROWLING)
(CROWD SCREAMING)
Wait!
Do you have information
about Calissa's daughter?
No, but I do have
something for you.
A gift to prove
our love and devotion.
I think you're
really going to like it.
I'd better. If not,
you know what's waiting.
Hit it!
(RECORD SCRATCHING)
(UPBEAT SURF MUSIC PLAYING)
(SINGING) Calling all mermaids
Now's your chance
To give it up for Eris
With a brand new dance
She razzles, she dazzles
She rules the sea
So let's rock the reef
for Her Majesty
Pop up, lean in
Side to side
Lay back, hang ten
Go for a ride
Catch that curl
Get into the tube
Do the mahi-mahi
Make your tailfin move
She's the queen of the waves
Check her out She's
spinning that pool around
Queen of the waves
No one's gonna
take away her crown
Her Majesty is mighty fine
Surf's up, bow down
She's the queen of the waves
Her smile, her style
You just gotta stare
The envy of mer-girls
everywhere
A beauty, a cutie
And so in the know
Her charms pull you in
like undertow
Pop up, lean in
Side to side
Lay back, hang ten
Go for a ride
Catch that curl
Get into the tube
Do the mahi-mahi
Make your tailfin move
She's the queen of the waves
Check her out She's
spinning that pool around
Queen of the waves
No one's gonna
take away her crown
Her Majesty will
knock 'em dead
Surf's up, bow down
Yes! You got it!
Come on.
Something happen.
(GROWLS)
Stop her!
(PANTING)
(ALL GASPING)
It's her!
(WHIMPERING)
Well, look who's
come to visit,
my long-lost niece.
Sorry you have
to leave so soon.
Behold!
(ALL GASPING)
(GASPS)
Push her in!
No!
(ALL GASP)
(MERLIAH GRUNTING)
Merliah!
This whirlpool will
take her to the bottom
of the deepest trench
in the entire ocean,
where she'll never
be heard from again!
(LAUGHS MALICIOUSLY)
No.
Dreamfish?
Dreamfish, I need you!
You called?
Yes!
Yes, I need help. Please.
I'll offer you
your greatest desire.
I'll send you
back home to Malibu,
and your mermaid half
will go away.
You'll be just
a normal girl,
and it'll be like none
of this ever happened.
You can do that?
It is your
greatest desire.
If you wish it,
it's yours.
But all this trouble in Oceana
will still be happening, right?
I just won't be a part of it.
But you would have
your dream come true.
Yes, and everyone else
would pay for it.
Will you accept the wish?
No.
Whatever else I am,
I am Merliah,
half-mermaid
Princess of Oceana,
and it is my duty
to protect my subjects.
Whoa! What's happening?
You don't know?
You're not doing this?
It's not me.
It must be coming from you.
From me? Dreamfish?
Dreamfish!
(GASPS)
A tail! A real mermaid tail!
And it's strong!
Once again I've come
to your rescue, my subjects.
Calissa's daughter will
never threaten us again.
(EXCLAIMS)
(ALL GASP)
(GASPING)
A real tail!
What? That's impossible!
But that...
But you... But how?
Don't just stand there
gawking, get her!
Wait! You don't have
to take orders from Eris.
She's not the rightful heir
to the throne of Oceana.
I am, and I can prove it.
I have the Celestial Comb!
(ALL MURMURING)
Oh, it is!
It's the Celestial Comb!
Never mind the comb.
She's half-human!
She can't spin Merillia!
If you want the sea
to survive, you need me!
You don't need Eris
to spin Merillia. Look!
(EXCLAIMS)
Yes, that is Queen Calissa,
right now, spinning Merillia.
Mmm.
Spinning Merillia.
You could have destroyed
my mother, but you didn't.
You needed her
to spin Merillia,
because you can't.
That's what makes you so
angry and jealous, isn't it?
You're the only one in the royal
family who can't make Merillia.
You're different
and you hate it.
That's ridiculous!
Mantas, Remo,
someone seize her!
You've been pretending
my mother's Merillia is yours.
But Calissa isn't
happy shut away,
and that's why her Merillia is
too weak to keep the sea healthy.
(ERIS LAUGHS)
This girl lies!
If you let my mother go,
I know we can work together.
Once she understands
how horrible you felt,
she'll forgive you,
I know she will.
I know what it's like
to feel different. I can...
No!
I alone rule.
(BOTH GASP)
You can't outswim me!
Ha!
(GROWLING)
(EXCLAIMS)
(ALL GASPING)
No! I am your queen!
I am your ruler! I am...
So last season!
(ERIS SCREAMING)
Where is it going?
ZUMA: To the bottom of the
deepest trench in the ocean.
ERIS: I don't deserve this!
(CROWD CHEERING)
Merliah! You did it!
ALL: All hail Queen Merliah!
All hail Queen Merliah!
No, please.
I'm not your queen,
Calissa is.
We need to find her.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Um...
I know where she is.
Mom?
Merliah?
Merliah!
Look at you!
You've grown a tail.
Isn't it amazing?
(SNOUTS BARKING)
This ocean belongs
to you again.
Tell me, how did it happen?
I'll tell you everything,
I promise.
But first, we need
to empty out Eris' dungeons.
Flourish to open
Eris' dungeons!
(PLAYS A JAZZY FLOURISH)
Thank you. That was lovely.
You really liked it?
She really liked it.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Cancel my spinning class,
darling.
I've had enough
to last a lifetime.
Syrenka! Hey, Syrenka!
Oh, all right,
but make it quick.
Oh, no, no, no. Move over.
I need a shot of the princess.
(SCOFFS)
Hmm.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Member of the Royal Court.
And, look, the medal
matches my eyes.
Mine matches my tail.
It is an honor.
Thank you, Your Highness.
I owe you thanks
for helping my daughter.
It's wonderful to see
the two of you together.
You could stay
with us forever.
Oh, oh,
you could even work
in the boutique with us.
Not that you need to,
being a princess and all.
But, oh,
it would be so much fun.
It would...
CALISSA: But there are
things you would miss.
Yes. I mean,
I love it here,
and I love all of you.
And it's beyond amazing
to be with you,
but I'm just sad that
I'll never see Malibu again,
or Fallon and
Hadley or Grandpa.
I'll miss being human.
Merliah, you will
always be human,
just as you will
always be a mermaid.
You are both
in equal parts.
I guess, but it was hard
enough trying to hide pink hair.
How could I possibly
hide this tail?
If I went back, I wouldn't just
be a misfit, I'd be a freak.
All you have to be
is yourself.
When you wish
on this necklace,
you can control how you
appear, human or mermaid.
That way you can return
to the human world,
and you can visit the mermaid
world whenever you'd like.
And I promise you, you're
not a misfit in either world.
Everything in your history
lives and breathes in you.
You are unique,
you are special,
and that's what
makes you strong.
(CROWD CHEERING)
I told you
this was going to happen.
Thank you.
Would it be awful
if I went home now?
I just know
Grandpa's worried sick.
Come back soon and visit.
I will. I promise.
(ALL CHEERING)
Goodbye, everyone.
Thank you, Merliah,
for everything.
I'll see you soon.
I wish to be human.
Grandpa?
Ah, Liah!
Oh, my little grommet, I was
afraid you weren't coming back.
I'll always come back,
Grandpa.
You promise you're okay?
Your hair,
it's still, whoa, pink!
Is it?
You know what? I like it.
It makes me different.
And I'll stand out
in the water, right?
So no one will miss it
when I carve it up.
(LAUGHS) That's my girl.
(UPBEAT SURF MUSIC PLAYING)
ANNOUNCER: That was the sickest
turn I've seen all day long.
Yeah, Liah!
Ride that wave, girl!
She sticks it.
Oh, my goodness.
Big air for Merliah Summers!
Tasty shralping from
the girl with the wild locks!
It's the Summers mane!
It's hot, it's pink,
it's the sickest thing
on the waves!
And she kicks out...
Sweet! A perfect score
for Merliah Summers!
Let's hear it
for the new champion!
(UPBEAT SURF ROCK PLAYING)